Improve troubleshooting/docs for gfycat integration (#3458)
mattermost/docs: source/install/troubleshooting.rst

When trying to configure the Giphy integration in Mattermost, you may hit the error "Command with a trigger of <keyword> failed". To solve this, you need to edit your ``config.json`` and configure ``AllowedUntrustedInternalConnections`` to contain the hostname of the webhook.

> (Gfycat) What to do if gifs are not loading even though they show up in the emoji picker?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gfycat gifs are not loading even though they show up in the emoji picker
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 1. Check if the server has access to the gfycat servers if it's behind a proxy or firewall blocking outgoing connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check whether the server has access to the Gfycat servers. It may be behind a proxy or firewall which is blocking outgoing connections.
```

Reviewer: How does one check access and, if there is a proxy/firewall, how do you remediate that?

> 2. Check if the server reaches the link metadata timeout (see system console -> experimental -> link metadata timeout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check whether the server reaches the link metadata timeout (see **System Console > Experimental > Link Metadata Timeout**).
```
Is there specific output to look for or steps to follow if it doesn't?
